Adding Dogstatsd telemetry doc for Ruby (#6390)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/dogstatsd/high_throughput.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Ruby" %}}

Starting with version `4.6.0` of the Ruby client.

| Metrics Name                               | Metric Type | Description                                                                               |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `datadog.dogstatsd.client.metrics`         | count       | Number of `metrics` sent to the client by your application (before sampling).             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.metrics`         | count       | Number of `metrics` sent to the DogStatsD client by your application (before sampling).             |
```

> | `datadog.dogstatsd.client.events`          | count       | Number of `events` sent to the client by your application.                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.events`          | count       | Number of `events` sent to the DogStatsD client by your application.                                |
```

> | `datadog.dogstatsd.client.service_checks`  | count       | Number of `service_checks` sent to the client by your application.                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.service_checks`  | count       | Number of `service_checks` sent to the DogStatsD client by your application.                        |
```

| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.bytes_sent`      | count       | Number of bytes successfully sent to the Agent.                                           |

> | `datadog.dogstatsd.client.bytes_dropped`   | count       | Number of bytes dropped by the client.                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.bytes_dropped`   | count       | Number of bytes dropped by the DogStatsD client.                                                    |
```

> | `datadog.dogstatsd.client.packets_sent`    | count       | Number of datagrams successfully sent to the agent.                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.packets_sent`    | count       | Number of datagrams successfully sent to the Agent.                                       |
```

> | `datadog.dogstatsd.client.packets_dropped` | count       | Number of datagrams dropped by the client.                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.packets_dropped` | count       | Number of datagrams dropped by the DogStatsD client.                                                |
```

> If you want to disable telemetry, simply do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable telemetry, set the `disable_telemetry` parameter to `true`:
```

```ruby
Datadog::Statsd.new('localhost', 8125, disable_telemetry: true)
```

See [DataDog/dogstatsd-ruby](https://github.com/DataDog/dogstatsd-ruby) for more information about the client configuration.

> Telemetry will soon be added to the Ruby client.

Reviewer: This line should be removed now that it's available :)
